= Depot

Depot is a simple and more *maintainable* way to define seed data in Rails.

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

  gem "depot", "~> 0.1.1", require: false

== Usage

You've probably did that in the old days of your +db/seeds.rb+ life.

  # This file should contain all the record creation needed to seed the database with its default values.
  # The data can then be loaded with the rake db:seed (or created alongside the db with db:setup).
  #
  # Examples:
  #
  #   cities = City.create([{ name: 'Chicago' }, { name: 'Copenhagen' }])
  #   Mayor.create(name: 'Emanuel', city: cities.first)

If there were a better way to populate your database it would be like this:

  require "depot"

  Depot.construct do
    cities do
      create name: 'Chicago', as: :chicago
      create name: 'Copenhagen'
    end

    # If you prefer you can use the block syntax too.
    mayors do
      create do |m|
        m.name = 'Emanuel'
        m.city = chicago
      end
    end
  end

Yes, you can!

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Rainer Borene

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, an d/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
